# nosql-challenge

# I have been contracted by the editors of a food magazine, 'Eat Safe, Love' to evaluate some of the ratings data from the UK Food Standards Agency to help their journalists and food critics decide where to focus future articles. For part 1, using the NoSQL_setup_starter.ipynb, I imported the data from the establishments.json file located in the Resources folder from my terminal. I named the database uk_food and the collection establishments. The text to import the json is located at the beginning of the jupyter notebook. W/in the notebook, I imported the libraries PyMongo and Pretty Print. I created an instance of the Mongo Client. I confirmed I created the database and loaded the data properly by listing the databases in MongoDB and confirming uk_food was amongst the list, listing the collections in the database to ensure establishments was amongst the list, and finding and displaying one document in the establishments collection using find_one and pprint. Finally, I assigned establishments to a variable for collection use. For part 2, using the NoSQL_setup_starter.ipynb, I added Penang Flavours to the database. I found the BusinessTypeID for the Restaurant/Cafe/Canteen BusinessType by querying only BusinessType equal to Restaurant/Cafe/Canteen and returning only the BusinessType and BusinessTypeID. I updated the BusinessTypeID for Penang Flavors with 1. I removed the establishments within the Doval Local Authority from the database, and I verified they were removed. Finally, I converted latitude and longitude to decimals and RatingValue to integer numbers using update_many. For part 3, using the NoSQL_analysis_starter.ipynb, for each question unless otherwise noted, I used count_documents to display the number of documents in the result, diplayed the first document in the results using pprint, and covnerted the result to a pandas dataframe, printing the number of rows in the dataframe and displaying the first 10 rows. The questions I was able to answer were: 'Which establishments have a hygiene score equal to 20?', 'Which establishments in London have a RatingValue greater than or equal to 4?', 'What are the top 5 establishments with a RatingValue of 5, sorted by lowest hygiene score, nearest to the new restaurant added, "Penang Flavours"?', and 'How many establishments in each Local Authority area have a hygiene score of 0? Sort the results from highest to lowest, and print out the top ten local authority areas.'. 
